My dad's gone
Next, I will be responsible for the affairs of the group
I also hope that uncles and uncles will help you a lot.
Mr. Shen has a sentence that is responsible for speaking it or not
You say
You have only been the president of Xuerong Longcheng Branch
If you take over as the chairperson of the group
I'm afraid I'll be fine.
What do you mean?
What I mean is...
Your second uncle has been assisting your father
Let him take over
The group will thrive better
I will continue to let my second uncle assist me.
But you
After all, it's you Liu Zi
But in the 20th grade
It was deadly.
No matter what, it is not suitable to be the leader of the company
Terrier is right
I support the topic of understanding
outrageous
After all, Mr. Shen is the daughter of the chairman
Are we polite as an auxiliary?
How can you cross the river and demolish the bridge?
What are you doing to feed Mr. Shen, he is emotional
influence the meeting
We're going down now.
You go
Somebody take this maniac down